Hello hello!
BAU BAU!
It's time for CCGG Morning!
CCGG Morning hajimaru yo!
BAU BAU BAU!
I'm not Fuwawa, I'm Shishirio!
And I'm not Mococo, I'm Gigi!
Together we're CiciGigi!
BAU BAU!
And today we're your hosts of CiciGigi Morning!
Thank you for joining us for our 167th episode!
Yay!
I can't believe we've already been 167 episodes.
Wow, that's crazy.
That means that we can get royalties.
I don't even remember all of them.
There's just so many of them.
Time passes by so quick, like an arrow.
Introductions for all, for those that are joining us for the first time of GGCC.
It is a short format podcast show.
Very important.
But we lost the keys to our office building, so we had to go to a different office building.
But you don't need to care about that.
Don't worry about it.
I'm so happy they had the proper setup and everything.
Yeah!
And it is held every Friday, Wednesday, Monday.
Mm-hmm.
CCGG.
Hosted by... CCGG!
That's right!
Brought to you today by... CCGG!
And our aim is to bring **** to the entire **** world!
And what's really important is actually that you ****
That's all.
Please tweet your thoughts with the hashtag.
Hashtag FWMCMORNING.
Let's make sure to start our day off on the right paw.
And let's all BAU BAU to a brand new CCGG morning.
BAU BAU!
Yay!
First off, BAU BAU, we have
First off, we have a very very special sighting.
What could it be?
If only I could see it.
If only I knew when I saw the sighting.
If only I saw what the sighting was.
If only I could see it to my sight right now.
I'm so excited!
It's a Pero sighting!
We hate that guy!
After work tonight, I went to Sesshio!
To check out the Advent members' signatures.
To my surprise, Pero was there too!
So I pulled him in to join me right away.
Maybe we can eat lots of shrimp sushi together?
No.
Pero.
Disgusting foul beast.
It's a hard pass.
Yes.
What were you doing there?
At the Sushiro Taiwan Advent collab?
Huh?
We should have been there.
I should have been the one taking the photo with Fuwawa and Mococo.
Yeah, we...
Advent.
And CCGD.
And Justice.
And everyone.
I should have been there.
I should have been eating all their plates.
I should have gotten all their merch.
How do we get rid of Pero so that I could have been there instead?
That should have been me.
Maybe like lemons.
Lemons?
Lemons, yeah.
Maybe water spray.
I know that song.
Spray bottle.
Water.
Maybe like really loud high-pitched noises.
Maybe a firework.
Don't they not like fireworks?
You drop a fork to the floor and it really scares him?
So scared!
That's really scary.
But yeah, it's okay.
Hopefully, Pero didn't eat all the food.
Fat, fat!
Hey!
I'm sure that everyone would love to see it at hashtag #FWMCMORNING.
That's probably not the right hashtag, but you should put it in there anyway for us to see.
Just put it in there anyway.
Just flood the hashtag.
Put it there.
If you're wondering what hashtag #FWMCMORNING stands for because it's like, oh, that's not your name.
It actually stands for friends with my car.
FUWAMOCO Morning.
That's us, that's our brand.
FUWAMOCO Yep, that's our brand.
Anyways, moving on to the next thing.
BAU BAU!
What else is on the list?
Hold on, shuffling my papers on my podcast.
Oh, it looks here.
Oh, I see an armpit.
Oh, an armpit.
You see an armpit?
Why are you seeing armpits?
Don't worry about it.
You'll see.
You'll see what we see.
You may see.
Armpits!
That's a lot of armpits.
And ironically, when I saw the video the first time, first girl, whoa armpit!
Second girl, whoa armpit!
Whoa armpit!
That's a lot of armpit!
If you did not know, Advent released a cover of Hot Limit by TM Revolution.
Hot Limit!
hololive English Official Channel.
I... I just... There's just so many... I'm striving with my audio.
Oh, it's because you have different ears today!
Oh, I have different ears today.
I just feel so different.
I'm not used to having... Yeah, I'm not used to having such ears in such a way.
But make sure to go check it out.
I want and get ready for summer.
It is a summer BOP!
It is a very cute dance animation.
You should all check it out.
And they lift their arms and they show you their armpits in that one too.
And they lift their legs.
There's a lot going on.
It's crazy.
There is no limit to the hotness.
There is no limit to the hot limit.
But there are...
10 armpits.
Did you just count?
I had to remember.
You were like 1, 2, 3, carry the 4, carry the 10 to the 8 armpits.
Make sure to use hashtag #FWMCMORNING to talk about your favorite armpit.
We'd love to read about it.
You have to pick one.
You have to pick only one.
Not a pair of armpits, a specific side.
You have to go, oh I really liked Fuwawa's left side armpit over the right side.
But I think Mococo's right side armpit is also pretty darn good.
It's hard to pick.
It's really hard to pick.
We'd love to read about your thoughts and comments and prayers.
Yes, please tell us about it.
That's enough about armpits.
BAU BAU BAU!
And then, of course, what else happened?
What else happened?
If only a thing were to appear right before my eyes so I would know what happened.
If only I could see.
It's Holonatsu and...
Wow!
Check this out.
There was a relay happening.
Did you watch it?
It was really fun.
I watched it.
You were also in it.
Isn't that true?
I was also in it, BAU BAU.
Me too, BAU BAU.
It was non-stop summer fun with hololive.
It was really fun.
It was really nice.
Everyone did really well with the Midsummer Karaoke.
And lots of fun.
That one's me.
You can tell by my ears!
That's you!
This was my stream.
I had a really good time doing this.
Your eye color is very vibrant.
Did you wear contacts today?
Yes, I did wear contacts today.
You might not know this, but the person behind me is you!
Where?
Did you guys know that our relays were back-to-back?
Yeah, we're actually- Right next to each other.
Yeah, it's because we're- And this was our thumbnail.
Yeah, because we look so similar to each other.
And this was our stream.
I look really good actually.
CC GG POV.
I look really good.
You look really good.
I look so good.
She specially installed chest installments for this stream.
Cause you know, as an automaton, she can swap off her breastplate.
But she loves being flat.
What do you mean flat?
What are you talking about?
And then we had Buttsumo!
Yay!
Buttsumo!
Did you guys know who was gonna win?
Who were you betting on?
Did you have a bet before?
I was actually guessing Suwano-senpai.
That was just my, I don't know, she's very energetic.
Yeah, yeah.
Gives the vibe of someone that could butt bounce someone out.
Butt bounce someone.
Yeah, but, who did butt?
Butt, butt!
Don't make an ass of yourself!
Hey, that was kind of late.
You gotta be on that button faster.
FORGET IT!
BAU BAU!
If you did not know, spoiler warning, the winner was Iofi.
Iofi!
Come on!
Look at her dance.
What?
Stop!
Damn.
Hey.
Gat is not a bad word.
Gat is a totally- It gives me brain damage.
Oh, okay.
So now it's all-
She is the winner and now we're making it about you?
You want to make it about yourself?
Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry.
Oh, Iofi's won the butt sumo competition.
Butt!
I get it.
It's a really good one.
How did you come up with that one?
I don't know.
It's spelled different.
Well, how would you win if you were here?
I think I would touch roll.
You have to stay in the circle!
Don't roll inside of the circle.
Okay, okay.
Don't roll into my enemies so they fall down, but I- I hit them with a butt first, you know?
You roll, you hit them with a butt, and then they- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hit the ankles, and then they fall down.
I think the way that I would win is that on the way to the offices at- in the parking lot, in the metaphorical parking lot- You hit them with your car?
No, no.
I would be beating someone up in the parking lot, so then they're really scared of me.
And then when they go in, they're like,
Oh no, they're really scared.
Oh, that's a good idea.
Yeah, so you have to intimidate them before.
Okay, but what if they take it as a challenge and they're not intimidated by you because you're kind of small and pink?
Forget it, BAU BAU.
Okay, I guess we should forget it.
And then, what else did we do?
We took part in the Horonatsu Queen VR Chat Tournament!
Yay!
That was really fun.
It was lots of fun.
It was really chaotic and awesome.
Fuwawa drowned Mococo.
Did you see that?
That's really weird.
Why would she do that?
That's crazy.
Someone drowned someone.
Someone did drown someone.
We didn't though.
We didn't.
Yeah, it was that pair.
Always up to no good.
I think Ina was a part of that too.
Yeah, Ina was there.
Can't believe it.
Can't believe she would do that.
I just cannot believe it.
And there was also a winner to this holonatsu summer.
It was Mono-sama!
Bye!
BAU BAU!
Did you guys know?
At the very end of it, there was a song released on the official hololive channel!
FUWAMOCO Summer Time!
I was like, I don't even know what it was, but she came close to me and I was like trying to look at her tummy and then I looked up and I was like, whoa!
What's going on here?
I know, I had to do my best to stare in her eyes the entire time.
Yeah, you're so brave.
Thank you.
So strong.
Well, that was HoloNatsu Summer!
Please check out the music video.
BAU BAU!
What's next?
The hololive World Tour!
hololive World Tour Synchronized Continues!
Yeah, they just had a really, really, really, really successful performance in Hong Kong.
With Sora-chan, Miku-senpai, Ben, Kubo-senpai.
It was a meet and greet.
Everyone was really... Very cute.
Impressed with their Cantonese skills.
I heard differently.
They spoke...
And they had a performance and they got to sing and answer many questions that you had!
You had!
And today we get to answer questions that you had too!
Oh, I'm really excited about that actually.
Yeah, yeah.
Like we do every single episode of CCDG.
CCDG podcast.
167th of them.
Yeah, yeah.
Every time it happens.
We go through hashtag #FWMCMORNING and take the questions and we answer them on our podcast.
We do that.
Well, I pick the ones for you and you pick the ones for me.
And the world tour continues to Vancouver, Canada where FUWAMOCO will also be appearing as special guest!
It happens when?
This Sunday at 3.30pm PDT!
What songs will they be singing?
Let us know in hashtag #FWMCMORNING!
Wait, they just sing above below but like 20 times.
BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU
FUWAMOCO!
What?
Oh, okay.
One.
BAU BAU!
FUWAMOCO Second Anniversary!
This week!
Yay!
It marks the second anniversary of Abyss!
And it's been how many years?
Two?
Can we do one?
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2, 2,
FUWAMOCO and Advent have a bunch of plans, but FUWAMOCO are kicking off the celebration with a countdown!
Woah, maybe you should use hashtag #FWMCMORNING to spread the word.
Yeah, you should talk about it and listen to it.
And what kind of goals?
Maybe, just maybe.
Flood the hashtag!
Flood it!
This is just a bunch of bots.
Don't do it, don't do it.
Maybe you guys should try and guess what the announcements are and hashtag #FWMCMORNING.
Oh, that's a good idea, yeah.
And we're sure that there'll be a lot of more exciting stuff, so get excited for that!
Yay!
BAU BAU!
What am I doing with these ears?
There's too many of them.
I'm so sensitive.
I hear too much.
I'm getting sensory overload.
With my double pigtails.
It's just so much going on.
And they will be starting soon.
This week.
Very soon.
Super soon.
Elizabeth Rose Bloodflame.
Do you think Gigi Murin is ready?
No.
Gigi Murin is not ready.
Do you think Gigi Murin will be nervous?
No.
Gigi Murin will not be ready and will not be nervous.
She will be sleeping.
Oversleeps.
Doesn't show up.
It's just like a loading screen for one hour.
She's not showing up.
That would be, you know, monumental in one way.
Yeah, it would be monumental.
And then, remember, get ready for the next week after that, for it is Cecilia Imogreen.
What?
That's great!
She looks great!
And Raora Pantera.
And then a Justice collab!
Yay!
Woohoo!
It'll be very awesome.
Yeah.
If I knew them.
I've never seen them in my life.
Who?
Get ready for Justice Greed Easto!
BAU BAU!
We had to hustle, we're running over time.
Oh we're running over time.
They're about to kick us out.
Literally.
But we have one very important thing that we have to do.
It is...
The Autofister Pup Talk!
Ruffians!
It's that time again!
It's time for Autofister Pup Talk!
And you're going to hear it straight from us!
Autofisters!
Ruffians!
Okay, okay, okay.
Do you wanna?
No, you go first.
Okay, I'll go first.
So, everyone.
Today's autofist of Pup Talk.
Don't do it.
As every episode.
Stay alive.
Yes, but also don't worry about it too much.
Don't worry about things too much.
Take your time.
Don't pull the plug on your life.
There's always going to be someone better than you.
You got this.
Do not compare yourself to others.
Comparison is the thief of joy.
Don't pull the plug on your life.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Don't go into the deep pool.
Don't go there.
Stay here with us.
Be happy.
No but for real though.
Be whimsical.
And BAU BAU.
And always do never forget to BAU BAU.
Never forget to BAU BAU.
Okay?
BAU!
You got this!
You can do it!
And today we have the Doggie of the Day.
BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU BAU!
Doggie of the Day.
Yo, I know everyone's been waiting for this one.
The Doggie of the Day.
Today's Doggie of the Day.
Wow.
Got my hololive expert collab hat and hat.
Hajimaru.
Fuzzy model.
This is, I rate this dog a good pupper.
A good boy.
A bow dog.
A good fuzzy doggy with a cool hat.
Cool, awesome, sexy hat.
Don't say sexy.
Sexy hat.
That's a pretty sexy hat.
Okay.
They're kicking me out.
We're about to be kicked out.
About to be kicked out.
Oh, we have to name the dog!
You fool!
The name- the dog has a name!
It says Fuzzy!
It had Fuzzy- no!
No, it's Fuzzy!
Oh, you want to name it anyways?
No, no!
Give him a second name!
No, it had Fuzzy Model for me because it's a fuzzy model!
Oh, it's an adjective!
Yay!
It's an adjective!
The real name of this dog!
So, what do you want to- Hot dog.
Hot dog.
Oh, I like that.
Yeah, I like that.
I think that's a really good- Ketchup and mustard hot dog.
That's a really good name!
Hot dog for sure.
BAU BAU!
So cute!
How does hot dog BAU BAU?
BAU BAU!
That's really good.
Wait, it's like hot dog is in here with us.
Like hot dog is here with us.
It's time for a rating.
Hot dog gets a dog out of 10.
She's dying.
BAU BAU!
Oh, our next segment we have today I went for a walk.
Let's look at this walk today.
You think it was actually today?
Yes.
They would not lie to us and hashtag #FWMCMORNING.
Yeah, of course not.
Today I went on a walk to the Capilano Suspension Bridge in Vancouver.
Was terrified of the heights but promised my family I would do it.
Facing my fears.
Why are you laughing at them?
They faced their fears.
I wasn't laughing at them!
There's technical things going on.
I wasn't laughing at them.
I would do it facing my fear of heights one step at a time.
You did good, Ruffian.
Yeah, you did really good.
Face your fears.
I think facing your fears is really good and I think fear of heights must be really terrifying.
I used to be scared of heights and I faced my fears.
Should I pick you up?
Don't do it!
Don't touch me!
But yeah, that's so pretty!
It's very beautiful.
I wish I was there at the suspension bridge with all the trees and all the forest.
Could we jump into the water and have a swim?
No, don't jump.
BAU BAU!
Okay, next we have the Question of the Day!
Today's question is...
Oh there it is!
Question of the Day.
CCGigi!
Hello!
I have a question for you two.
You know a lot of Japanese food, but how did you know Japanese food?
I looked on the internet and I messaged one and I asked, do you want to meet up?
Yeah.
So we're talking right now.
Talking stage?
Yep.
Whoa!
I'm currently talking to an omelette.
Excellent!
And I'm also talking to a salad right now, and I asked a question like, how do you like being dressed?
Did the salad wink at you?
Yeah.
Wow.
What about you?
I've been talking to a donut.
What kind of donut?
And then I say where there's a...
Yeah, very yummy donut actually.
Very, very yummy.
Oh, I was also talking to Yakiniku!
Yakiniku!
Yeah!
I love Yakiniku!
We love Yakiniku!
We always go to yummy places with some very beautiful dogs sometimes and we get Yakiniku with these beautiful dogs.
They may or may not have invited us and fed us yummy Yakiniku.
It was delicious.
Very delicious yummy yaki.
I mean, we have this podcast, we need to eat, right?
Sometimes you just need to eat.
Sometimes you need, you got to eat.
Well, thank you so much for all your submissions, Ruffians.
Remember, FWMCMORNING is something we make together.
And don't forget to use the hashtag #FWMCMORNING to share your doggy of the days, your daily vlogs, your questions,
And unfortunate Pero Sightings.
Unfortunately.
Maybe FUWAMOCO will cry.
We might cry.
Please make them happy.
Make them so happy.
We mean it though.
And make us happy too.
I'm taking out my gun.
Yes.
Post more on the hashtag #FWMC.
Where'd you get that guy?
Oh you know.
Hands up emoji.
Make sure to use hashtag #FWMCMORNING if you want to be a part of their FWMCMORNING!
BAU BAU!
And then, for the next stream!
Actually, FUWAMOCO are going to do a countdown to start the second anniversary celebration!
Yay!
So it will be lots of announcements, countdowns, antics, and much much much more!
FUWAMOCO Anniversary!
Yeah, but first they'll be looking at the list of over 100 goals.
That's a lot.
Lots of goals.
And I still remember.
Because they're very ambitious.
And it was like so many.
I was like whoa.
I remember that word.
I do.
Word web.
That's what it's called.
I don't know what it's called.
The think map.
Think map?
Yeah yeah yeah.
Okay.
I think not.
But yeah, it's a lot of goals.
I am actually really curious how many they achieved.
So make sure to tune in as they go over all 100 of their goals and add more because they love doing things.
Yeah!
Be there or be in my square!
BAU BAU!
And then there's their schedule as well.
Make sure to check out their schedule.
There's gonna be a maid cafe.
Thanks for watching!
Yay!
And, guys, their very first
FUWAMOCO I'm actually really excited about this one.
Some mysterious things and well-to-appearance in FUWAMOCO too!
This is gonna be a jam-packed week, Ruffians!
So make sure to log in and make sure you can watch all of their streams!
Get no sleep, okay?
Watch everything!
Yeah, you have to watch everything.
I'll be watching everything.
Gotta observe them.
For the Ruffians.
Even if you're not watching live right now.
Even in the archive.
Yes, yes.
Use the FUWAMOCODEword.
It's BAU BAU!
CCGT!
That was good.
We went way over time.
They're really taking us out.
Thank you for joining today for CCGGMorning!
Before we say BAU BAU for now, we'd like to shout out to some of our Extra Special Ruffians today.
So please say BAU BAU!
Name drop.
Mic drop.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Your Twitter post?
My Twitter post on all of these Ruffians.
Oh, oh, producer, wait, wait.
I just got a, I just got something.
Producer said we can name more than five.
We can name as many as we want.
As many as we want.
It is a special 167th episode of CCGG Podcast Morning.
Yeah, okay, okay, okay.
Okay, here we go.
I go by many names.
Hello!
Hi!
Bobo the Chubb the Third!
Hello Simon!
Thank you!
Um... Uh... Perroro!
BAU BAU!
Hello Mosquito!
Oh, Mosquitoes.
Sorry.
Mosquitoes!
Hello Nade!
Hello Zungan!
BAU BAU!
Hello PJ!
P-POW POW!
Jeremy!
BAU BAU!
Ken!
Deep Fried Scream!
BAU BAU!
Nicktor!
May!
BAU BAU!
Fluffy horn gloomy BAU BAU!
Neato BAU BAU!
Warm and cozy BAU BAU!
I cannot read that.
BAU BAU!
Crystallized BAU BAU!
Porn BAU BAU!
Child's BAU BAU!
Angry Banana BAU BAU!
Ginosaur BAU BAU!
Leo V BAU BAU!
Okay, last one.
You pick it.
Thank you, BAU BAU!
And to every other Ruffian out there, we hope you have a howl of a day!
This was today's 167th CCGG Podcast Morning!
CCGG Morning deshita!
BAU BAU!